Sales metrics borrow some terminology from marketing metrics.
Sales cannot only focus on the end customer such as the consumer,
but also a company who will likely generate customers.
In the case of WeCart from marketing,
we have thus far focused on the end consumer and
their order as our marketing focus or unit of analysis.
This type of model is called a business to consumer model or B2C.
Let's say that we add an additional focus on
generating sales by reaching out to grocery stores.
This is where WeCart partners with the local grocery stores.
We can now gain access to
their customers and their local grocery stores can access a delivery service.
This type of business model is called a business to business model or B2B.
So part of our sales team can focus on
the B2B model where each sales rep is trying to create a sales lead.
A sales lead would be a grocery store interested in partnering with WeCart.
If a grocery stores signs a deal,
then it becomes a booking or a closed deal.
We will talk about a sales funnel next.